I can’t fuck these bugs, dude.
Oh you know what’s coming…. *dies*
Oooooooh. Stanley…
You know what I always say: Don’t… die to nature.
I’m pretty good at video games.
I kinda wanna do it in the Recreation Room.
It came at me like a Dog with Legs! – Pat’s Friend
How do I delete my… thing?
THEY KILLED MY ENTIRE VILLAGE maybe
Oh… you can have a cardboard box! YOU CAN HAVE A CARDBOARD BOX!
10. FUCK BOOKS.
Nobody expects the motherfuckin’ SQUIRREL!
Oh I’m getting high as fuck; the tattoos are making me wild.
Oh yes, oh yes, how about over here?
Well I can just kill myself afterwards, in a theoretical sense.
I just wish there was more meat.
You like me! We’re friends! Be nice to me!
Sub to my ass.
I’ll have what I’m having – Pat off stream.
Whoaaa that boy’s hot. Look at that hot boy.
Is that one a chainsaw? Is that one playing Blitzball? What the fuck is happening!?!? IS THAT A DOG!?!?
Scarbro the LegHog
Eat shit, Video games.
Oh no baby what is you doin?
You miss every shot you don’t take, Bob.
Ornn always gets his man.
I claim heroness.
I’ll do anything for subs, I’ll do crazy shit.
I told you, I’ll do freaky shit.
As long as you’re not racist and ask before you post links, you’re good.
Ooo I like the smirk mouth.
OH GOD THERE’S ME! OH GOD!
Hellllloooooooo Dog!
I’ll kiss that dad. I’ll kiss him. *all over.
Look at this little baby, FUCK.
A jar of Marijuana Sauce.
No way Jose I’m not spitting this stuff out.
What’s a Bot Laner’s favorite drink? It’s a Jhin and Taric.
What is an ADC’s least favorite vegetable? It’s an Akali-flower.
You can’t rush fucking some dads.
Our daughter can’t go to college anymore. She’s banned from college.
If any of you have 4 kids you’re fucking weird.
Sex noises. Sex… happens.
I think I’m a Nintendo Switch.
Don’t do that to me, and by that I mean do that to me.
Y’all!
Dahhhh. I have to drink to escape my emotions!
I’m not gonna call them back on stream! I’m already very vulnerable…. And drunk.
God bless you Pizza Daddy.
They’re fucking Pizza Ninjas.
I love you Keith, you terrible black hole.
What the fuck is that real?
I rob people and throw parties.
I don’t know why people thought I wouldn’t cheat on it! That’s the funny thing.
Eat your fuckin’ anxiety; eat every doubt you ever had.
Smort.
Corrupted data… WHAT ARE YOU?
Jerrod there is no way you will ever beat me in a League of Legends match.
BYE IDIOT.
He’s a slippery asshole.
LET ME GET THE CLAP, LET ME CLAP!
I wasn’t even trying to shit on you, Gavin :c
UGH I CANCELED THE CLAP I CAN’T BELIEVE IT
Love can bloom even on the battlefield.
I am invincible if they don’t kill me, so that’s good.
Y’ALL KNOW I’M THE GOODEST BOY
?
Hell yeah, unless that’s a sex thing… then hell yeah.
Oh my little pillar! My little pillar hit him!
Nice.
Oh did we finally get Nice as 69? Hell yeah.
Can I just honor myself and get it over with?
You want ASMRizard? Is that what you want?
I want to be a social person.
Why do I have estrogen?
I don’t know if I’m allowed to bite a lil bit out of everyone I see.
Man my first night of being a Vampire is NOT OK.
Do whatever you want, no broccoli here!
I can now beat people with an arm.
I didn’t murder him for fun. I murdered him because I thought I had to.
Are we just gonna find a head in the laundry room?
You saw me dance a little there, was trying to clap a lot of things.
Not today, cockbag!
Y’all see the Ram Kill doe?
OH SHIT WHAT THE FUCK I’M DOING A CRIME?
I’ll just keep slashing and see what happens.
Alright I’m not gonna do the bad thing again, where I lose all my health and blood.
We’ll take turns shooting each other in the head.
The League community’s never been good.
I like to fight ALL the time.
I gotta go do stuff and not be a shitty lump of flesh.
HOLD THE DOOR! Never mind, bye.
How did I get all these thick ones?
How do I say your name again, correctly, and not like a white person?
I’m solid and nice and really cute. Now let me go in the corner and fuck this dude up.
Come on you fuckin’, you fuckin’ potato!
This dog is actually all legs.
UGH! I’m stuck in it!
Stop throwing up at me you shitty kids.
I’m stubborn and I don’t have any money.
I’m so sad, I wanna kill the skeletons.
For better or worse, mostly worse, there’s no one like me.
Maybe I do wanna do this one up the butt?
I guess I wasn’t hitting the right part of her, and wasn’t getting it done.
My shitty little hands are trying to get to you, you IDIOT.
Damn it! I’ll get stuck in him!
Don’t you fucking dare hug me.
Fuck you Koi.
How do I fuck him for the book?
The whole thing is, casually, very vampire.
Why is the sewer in the sky?
Yes, I now rule over Santa Monica like a god! A buster sword-wielding LEGEND!
Oh this guy’s protected by games rules, well whatever.
Eat shit sardine can!
Who’s playing accordion down there, you jovial blood-sucking fucks!
Alright Koi, it’s your time. Let’s ascend!
OOOH HOLY POGCHAMP PogChamp
Misplay? Eat shit Keith.
Firefly?!?! WOAAAH FIREFLY!!
My closet is a hell dimension.
A lot of y’all don’t realize… i gotta live.
WAIT. HOLD ON. Are these baby chocobos?!?! Hold the fuck on RIGHT NOW. Wait a second! Is this what they're like?!?! Oh my gods....are this....LOOK AT THEM! I.....fuck you; they're not just normal chickens!
Sometimes I'm like 'Man...Am I gonna die happy?' And I think....yes.
"I think the book 'Everybody Poops' did a lot of good for our society, but you know I don't think we should just have assumed that anti-Pottyism was over in America.
Oh. Sorry orms... I'M IN A GUN BATTLE!
I’m died.
That's another poor life decision? Alright someone keep track of them.
Ay fuck you, Jake.
My blood is all over that car.
That guy really did not wanna be hit by me.
You just have a whole bunch of weird shit going on in Europe.
The car bumped me into a real human!
Shit! Well, I killed Franklin. Bye Franklin!
Hey I didn't hit that light. I hit that car, and the car hit the light. Very different.
I’m very good at driving!
What are these fuckin’ animals?
I'LL DO WHATEVER THE FUCK I WANT LESLEEEEEEEE!
CHOP IS ON HIS ASS, LET'S DO IT!
Did he fuck someone in a motel? Or did he NOT fuck someone in a motel?
I’d rather steal it from a person, so they can like, be without it. They’ll have to walk home and think about it.
Hold around I need to fuck around in here some more.
Gavin was right. GAVIN WAS FUCKING RIGHT.
That was actually quite good. *dies*
We can always just keep stealing cars.
God damnit Gadget! You made me do it!
It's the fact that the moment he stepped off, he started screaming then exploded in blood.
Let’s punch the chickens!
This is why children suck! Throw your children!
First try. (It was not the first try.)
I love all of you.
Get outta here Miko! Get outta here!
For the first time ever, y'all heard it on stream: Jeff Doering was correct.
Don't tell me what to do Dad!
Was that like seppuku by tequila?
Fuck the bone boys!
I can be pretty good! Sometimes.
"I'm very funny and original.
I say people that play DotA2 are bad at life.
It's a big sword for a small person. So who's the asshole now?
THE WIND BECAME LIGHTNING, ***!
He's at wolves! He's at wolves for sure! ...Okay he's not.
LET'S GO!? ANOTHER MURDER.
Oh we only lost Gavin.....And nothing of value was lost!
I want Uber to suffer.
Yeah, go; feed the shit outta that cat.
If he does die again... that is a very bad joke.
If we shot down naming the cat Garbage, we're sure as hell not naming it Gavin.
Don't do it, Keith, that's a CIRCLE!
I'm sorry, honey, you're the only person I can kill.
Well... they're really... frontdooring...
Uhhhh hi, I'd like to report a field made entirely of bones?
What's this creakin' ass shit?!
Where did you go you Buzz Aldrin time hopping mother fucker?
Yannick! Yannick you fuck!
LOOK AT THIS BEAUTIFUL TREE! FUCK!
I invoke the... WHAT. FUCK!
EAT SHIT DANIEL!
I like my enemies two ways: gay... or about to be.
HELP, HELP, HELP ME. All me.  ALLLL me.
I am now high on the Lee Sin.
Come here; let me JUMP TO YOU, YOU FUCK!
Drink their *** blood; slap them.
Wilhelm what the fuck, you like me, don't you dare say that to me.
Look at us, we're cute!
doo5.
doot6.
These kitties are sending me guns.
But you'd make a gorgeous murder victim?' Honey, you can't just say that!
Oh god, the speed! Hold on, I wanted to hit it!
PUT HIM IN YOUR MOUTH!
Why do I hate Volibear so much? Don't even fucking start.
Oh fuck i have so much POWER!
Well... god-damn it.
You little badger fuck!
Hello, it's me, Bear.
UUUUUUUUH MY BRAIN!
I mean it wouldn't be a victory celebration if I didn't get crushed.
Well technically streaming is the process of building a cult.
Below average damage? Noooo sirrrrr.
I'm probably not gonna die that much.
OH NO! It's way bigger!
Man, I gotta stop reading chat!
Oh no! I keep talking!
My game alt-tabbed! MY GAME ALT-TABBED!
Madlife said two words to me, quietly: 'Good Lucian', and then walked away.
Cody you know I actually care about you even though you're a piece of shit and you suck.
Someone get into my goo!
I've always thought it was just someone falling down upstairs, but every time the internet tells me it was an earthquake.
We've already banged one dad, so it's about to get even better.
It's a sub button; you can't do that to me.
Toasted Head is Tibbers wine.
We did crimes, that’s what we did.
Don’t do crimes.
Eat shit Alex you're a part of our community now.
In the south, like Fire Emblem, you only have a couple of units you can grow into.
How the fuck am I alive? You don't even know the half of it.
Gavin you're my daughter.
I was just doing hick truck drivers.
We're diving deep into that Goth ass.
Can we fuck him right now, in the middle of the barbeque?
I'm a wild ass boy.
So stop freakin' out about it. I love you, you shit.
I care about you, you fuck.
Everyone, if you can, let's submit ourselves to Soraya.
Eat shit Gavin, get the fuck out.
Oh no, I didn't hit the duck!
What is this guy even?! Oh he's a pretzel.
I'm sorry I was trying to read... the number one stream killer.
Sexier than expected might be one of the chapters in my autobiography.
Koi's our boy. Even though he's real fuckin' weird about beard clippings and shit, you just gotta let it go.
Me winning is temporary, the quotes last forever.
I am not garbage at this game, I swear.
This is probably really stupid of me to do, but I kinda wanna take the risk.
OH! THE BLAST CONE LEGEND! THE BLAST CONE GENIUS!
Don't kill yourself so you can watch my stream!
Let me get this clap you asshole.
Explain the sex fiction.
WILHELM I LOVE YOU!
Fuck Teeto.
Oh those people are pretty weak! Good, I'm among my people.
If you think you're not my friend, fuck you.
The WIND became fucking LIGHTNING DOG.
Lurkers are people, too.
I woke up three times before this.
Keep me playing weird shit and never let me rediscover my past.
Man this game, I'm gonna FEED!
DON'T PING ME BACK!
Here's the Queer Capital of the internet!
We could try to do something stupid here.
Be better than Florida!
I didn't mean to summon you!
I am the Alpha and Lily is the Omega.
I seem to be in an altercation with some street ruffians trying to sell me some bad drugs. I do hope you understand.
That car crash saved my life.
Game mechanics don't fuck me!
How does this genius do it! E-sports investment legend and alpha gamer Patrick Scarborough gives you the real story.
Sometimes Big Willy doesn't feel like he has a place to put all his trash, and by that I mean his feelings.
Look I have a brand, and it's 'Excellence through obliviousness’,
A lot of people don't read.
Shiro I've left for a single fucking day what in god's name.
Oh shit, running over a cop means I am now wanted.
I wanna do Blakinola.
You ain't shit Jason.
I did that podcast completely naked.
I just People's Elbow'd that cop with my own car.
Yeah i got a huuuuuuuuuge.... list.
Ah I did not want to kill her, I'm sorry.
Well sometimes I feel like I do wear my seatbelt, cause I don't get launched that often.
I don't know what the purpose of money is.
WHY AM I NOT IN THE ROBOT YET?!
I'm almost out of shotgun juice.
Don't kink shame Koi!
We have a really horny chat, honestly.
STOP BEING HORNY IM TRYING TO HAVE FEELINGS! – Tian
Sometimes you just want the sweet release of death.
I'll collect your weird juice.
I'm not trying to harp on the military policy of the Mushroom Kingdom.
Keith you've upset me more than I thought possible.
Oh yes, oh yes!
I have to get every coin because I KNOW there's outfits, and you ALL know we gotta get some outfits.
Oh fuck your hat-dog.
I knew I was gonna like this game, but I'm about to cry and we've only gotten one fucking moon!
Did I bug the game out already?
What's up fuckers, I read the siiiign!
Is there fall damage in this game? There's not! Then I'm gonna destroy this game. I'm gonna destroy everything this game has ever loved.
Does anyone know where I can plant my son?!
Damn dude Mario's ass is thicc as hell.
GUHGUH MUHGUH.
It was the cowboy hat, that's what we were missing all along.
Oh hey it's a bird! Wait, NOOO YOU FUCK!
Honey what's a lattice?
Seize the memes of production.
Hey everyone and welcome to my ASM-ario video. Wahoo. And uhm... wahoo.
Honey, am I a bear?
Can I be a tomato?
How do I bust open the cheese?
Help me open the cheese you piece of shit.
What am I, meat?
Do I wanna go in this hole?
Crush me! Crush me daddy!
Just think about how faces work.
Keith, I don't wanna hear a word out of you.
Last one there's a penis pump!
I love the anatomy of the Goomba!
Eat shit Jerrod, I'm funny and you like me.
GIMME THAT NUT!
I veto this quote.
Yes, Wilhelm I’m objectifying Koopas.
My fantastic community, minus Gavin.
I think I need to leave, or die.
Koi'll do your thinking for you!
Don't you dare give me that pitty prize you fucking turtle.
I'd say not enough of the quotes is me shitting on subs.
Fish...my worst enemy.
I'm just a poor fucking fish out here in the middle of nowhere.
A SLIPPERY TRIANGLE, NICK??!?!
Under the Meat Plateau' is actually the name of my sex tape.
What died is me and Bowser's chance of getting with Peach.
Ray you are a treasure, a shitty horny treasure.
Fuck you Nick, IT'S A MOON CIRCLE!
Aw, there's a pigeon on my face!
Oh no! My child!
Nothing says oil tycoon quite like Mario on a moped.
I'm not into vore.
I'm not doing fucked up shit, JASON'S doing fucked up shit.
Ok, so where am I putting this seed?
I don't know what Jake is saying...but it'll be okay.
Did anyone believe in me?
I just lost time because of Remy, and I'd do it again.
You shitty plumber.
Koi, you fucking lunatic.
I didn't get to sleep till 6 AM last night.
"Koi honestly...*laughs* I will crush you.
We're gonna nail the Jaxi.
reTURN my SOUL to me you pLANt.
She was here you shitty knight.
You wanna see bullying? ...Jerrod c'mere.
Lobo you're fired.
You all know me as someone who is 'good' at video games, you know 'good'.
I can't get the cigar in my own mouth.
There's a whole bunch of alien attached to this alien.
Let's do the tutorial.
How do I buy you?
You're the one on the top tinkering and Shiro's the one in the trash.
Welcome to my stream, where we stubbornly punch through our problems.
I’m disowning all of you.
I just went up and put my tongue on em.
This is very interesting, and by interesting I mean bad.
BRETT COME GET IN MY MOUTH.
Mike, you gave me Parkinson's, then cured it.
Alright I think everyone I know is going to die.
Can I cure Drea of whatever her bullshit is?
I don't trust Gavin.
Okay, Swippin's dead, but we can just get a new one.
We're gonna beat the shit out of Gavin.
I gotta get Soraya to do some freaky shit, god damn.
I just... I DID THE FREAKY SHIT!
Oh I wanna come do a murder here. I wanna do a crime.
I'm gonna stack infinity edges.
That wasn't even a fight - he just attacked me!
Motherfuckers we're all in the same call. DOES ANYONE HAVE AATROX?!?
I'm stuck in League of Legends! Someone let me out!
Yeah, we’ve had a couple of new recruits. I’ve been hoping they would die.
How do I make Gavin go away?
I just People’s Elbow’d that cop with my own car.
My internal monologue is going to be extremely anime, and my external monologue is Solid Snake.
The story isn’t actually about a ghost at all, idiot!
Everyone knows about Solid Snake’s writing career.
Ya know, I love anime and manga so I probably jacked off to some weird shit.
The unseen dirty boy is the deadliest.
How weeb is this stream? On a scale of 1 to Xell, we’re not Xell-tier, but I guess about a 5? Maybe a 4 depending on how weeb that is?
We’re betraying our best friend because we’re horny. Yup…well uhhh yeah that’s me.
Hey look at me! I’m not a piece of shit after all!
Get over there, Geddy; I need to use a puzzle!
I’m trying to use this dude’s thing as a lamp.
OLAF SMASH! HUAHUAHAA
No he got exhausted and is an idiot.
Does anyone know what I did there?
We got a big booty.
Vince is here, so we might need some blood.
Somehow Jason is still alive, and I’m really rooting for him to die!
[To Chat] It’s less that I want you to die, and more that I want you to prove that you should live.
Wow, Fuller has a LOT of issues.
Wait Fuller; I’ll probably take you on a date right now.
Have I learned my lesson? No.
Remember that I have a meeting on Wednesday.
Alright Jason… shut the fuck up.
Fuck up that… WHAT IN GOD’S NAME.
Should I treat this person as an equal?
Okay, this isn’t great. But, let’s look on the bright side: you’re not dead YET!
Get all that blood from them! Use your dangly parts!
You know what, here’s what I’m gonna do. Fuck this firewood.
If Vince dies today, just take him!
I don’t know the significance of shaking sticks.
Do I want to cure DC’s rabies?
We are not going to cure DC’s rabies.
If I fucking sleep then the god damn Snake asshole is gonna get me!
Well, I was really into sinning.
We’ll get him on that buggy-uggy.
Rayson Cheerwine Combination KFC Pizza Hut Halifax Twinkleberry the Third you motherfucker.
Ray I will fly out to wherever you are and wring your neck. Also, hello to the rest of the community! But Ray, I will kick the *shit* out of you.
Remy is impossible.
I have to sign a permission slip for your dumbass.
It’s too big! I can’t fix it!
Whomst the fuck?
LOOK HOW PRETTY WE ARE, FUCK!
Play on…? What, in the web browser?!
And everyone else here is just sexy cat people dancing in lingerie.
Time to fight this fucking turtle.
I won entirely by myself. There’s no one from the stream helping me.
Has no one else understood that I’m a delivery boy for Papa Johns?
Get out of the Meat Zone.
How did they fuck up CACTUARS? What terrifying shit is this?!
We’re gonna see if we can’t kill off Keith.
Got dang Gucci Gang.
I just bought 300 cheeseburgers, I’m rich beeotch!
Keith what a very good thing you just did.
Is it worth vaping?
In this house we hump the lord.
Don’t forget to put me in your Tinder bio!
Can we just make it a weed joke?
Koi is so stressed!!!
It’s not that I want you to die, you just will.
10, 20, 19, 21.
I used to not cry at anything, and now I cry at everything.
Wow, just quick shot my face I guess.
We have double prophet Velen in our Reno Priest.
